fg_lib: Add fg_lib (#968)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: fg_lib/README.rst

.. _fg_lib:

> Nordic Fuel Gauge library (FG lib)

Reviewer: You're inconsistent in capitalization and name usage throughout the doc. I've seen the following names for the lib in the doc and API docs:
- Nordic Fuel Gauge library
- the fuel gauge library
- Fuel Gauge
- the battery fuel gauge library

I suggest we stick to one name, and possibly a short one. How about the "nRF Fuel Gauge" @lemrey suggested?

Author: Yep, I agree with this. Working on renaming everything to nRF Fuel Gauge (and prefix nrf_fuel_gauge instead of fg_lib everywhere)

##################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The fuel gauge library is the software complement of battery measurements made by a Nordic Power Management IC (PMIC).
> Measurements made during device operation are processed by this library, which results in a state-of-charge (SOC) prediction, along with other metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fuel gauge library processes battery measurements made by Power Management ICs (PMICs) and provides a state-of-charge (SOC) prediction, along with other metrics.
The library is meant for use with devices from the Nordic nPM Family of PMICs.
```
This "software complement" sounds weird to me -- like something that is required, but obviously the usage of the library is optional. Also, I think we can merge both sentences.

For the most accurate results, use a battery model that matches the battery used in the product.

> A battery model can be derived using the nPM Powerup App in `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ and `nPM1300 Evaluation Kit`_.

Reviewer: is this "and" here inclusive or exclusive? Just checking to be 100% sure.

Author: You need both. nPM1300 Evaluation Kit is the hardware, controlled by nPM Powerup PC application.

> Please see :ref:`fuel_gauge_api` for detailed usage documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`fuel_gauge_api` for detailed usage.
```
The page title already has "documentation". "Please" is just fluff in technical documentation.

.. _fg_lib:

Nordic Fuel Gauge library (FG lib)
########################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The fuel gauge library is the software complement of battery measurements made by a Nordic Power Management IC (PMIC). Measurements made during device operation are processed by this library, which results in a state-of-charge (SOC) prediction, along with other metrics.

> For the most accurate results, use a battery model that matches the battery used in the product. A battery model can be derived using the nPM Powerup App in `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ and `nPM1300 Evaluation Kit`_.

Author: Updated as suggested

Please see :file:`fg_lib/include/fg_lib.h` for detailed usage documentation.

> For the terms and conditions for using the fuel gauge library, see :file:`license.txt`.

Author: Line removed

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Subpages:

   CHANGELOG

>    doc/api

Author: Added
